Hello everyone. In this part you want to
talk about how add enabling disabling
buttonless
functionality. Okay. To do that we have
to go here to the
graph and go right here and create the
function. Have to create four function.
First one is shadow function.
button.
Okay. Okay. Let's set this node is
enable
it. Enable it.
this
one. Okay, let's duplicate this one four
times. First one for the low and second
one, medium, high, epic, and uh
cinematic.
Okay, before we do that, we have to add
a
note
volume
for Ctrl Ctrl +
V.
Okay. Control C. Control
V. Okay. First the first one is the
shadow
load. Drag this one right here.
Damn.
Epic. Okay. And cinematic. Let's drag
this one. Ctrl T.
Duplicate. Where is cinematic? This one.
Let's connect all of those
nodes one to the
other. Now let's begin. First note, drag
it like this at the P. Select
it. The first one is
shadow. Drag this one down.
[Music]
Okay.
So, this one shadows epic.
Find
one cinematic.
Okay, the first function is done I
think. Okay,
compile. Save
all. Okay, after doing that, we have to
go to the
graph. Let's go to the
shadows. Drag it right
here. And let's drag out my function and
distract.
This is the first
one. Duplicate. Ctrl C. Ctrl +
[Music]
V. Like
this. Like
this. I can't make those that one.
And now let's begin for the first the
first one is the low check the
low second
one check the
medium. Third one. Check the
eye. Okay. Check the
epic. And the final one. Check the
cinematic.
Okay, it compiles it and let's test
it. Okay, to do that we have to go
think it. Okay,
fine. Okay, let's do the same work for
the other function.
Okay, now let's go right here and let's
do the same process for the
apps. Okay, to do that we have to go
here for the function and duplicate this
one. Ctrl D for the third. Second one is
the
texture
text after the
texture per second
FPS. Thank you.
And the final one
is the
next that you want to move to the
texture. Close the
others. Okay.
Select this one and remove all of those
outputs. Delete all of
this. Okay, let's drag the
[Music]
texture texture.
No texture
medium
[Music]
texture texture epic.
Okay, first import is the low
texture the low.
Second one texture
medium. Third
one texture.
or
one texture
epic. And the final one, texture
cinematic. Okay, let's move.
Okay, after the texture
we Okay, let's
continue working on the
texture. Go up and drag the texture
function.
This texture
low. Ctrl C. Ctrl
V. Ctrl C. Ctrl +
V. Ctrl V. Another
time. Okay. Five times.
Select all of this and drag
down. Okay. And check the
material. Check the height.
Okay, check the cinematic right here and
check the epic right
here. Okay, we are done from
texture. Now let's go to the frame rates
per second.
Select the
FPS. Go right here and delete all of the
samples. Okay. For the frame rates, for
we have for 30 frames per second, 60
frame, 90 and then spr. Okay. We have to
delete the final one.
Delete all of the
target 30
[Music]
fps, 60
fps, 90
fps and final one is unlimited FPS.
First
output. Second
input. Third
input. Final
input. Okay. Selected.
FPS
FPS and limit FPS.
Yes, that's
good. Okay, it's
fine. Now, let's return to the event
graph and complete the work.
Let's go here for the
34 FPS. Drag right
here.
Duplicate. Ctrl C. Ctrl +
V. Final one. Ctrl C and Ctrl
F. 30 fps.
fps, 90
fps, and finally unlimited
FPS. Okay, let's move to the final one
is the
modes. Modes right here.
Select the modus. We have two buttons
only in the modus for screen and
windows. Delete those
three. And delete all of those
outputs. Change the
buttons. Okay. Let's search for the
mode.
window. First
one. Okay. The second
[Music]
one. Okay.
Now it's fine. We are almost
done for the moment here. Let's check
our
function. This
function
Let's add the one is
window. Select this. This one
is
post. Okay, it's
fine. Okay, let's test it out. Tip on.
Go here.
But okay,
okay. Okay. Thank you guys for watching
this all for this tutorial. Subscribe to
the channel for more tutorial and put
support me in the link in this
description.